HighLiving Real Estate Website

This repository contains the code for the HighLiving Real Estate website, which is designed to provide users with information about available properties, company mission and vision, contact details, and a sign-up form for potential clients. Below is an overview of the files and functionalities included in this project:

Files Included:
. index.html: This file defines the structure of the website using HTML markup. It includes sections for the homepage, about page, property listings, contact information, and sign-up form.
. style.css: This file contains the CSS styles to visually enhance the website, including styling for navigation bar, sections, images, forms, and footer.
. script.js: This JavaScript file handles form validation and submission. It ensures that user inputs are validated before submission and sends user data to a local endpoint upon sign-up button click.
Functionality:
. Navigation Bar: The navigation bar allows users to navigate to different sections of the website, including the homepage, about page, property listings, contact information, and sign-up form.
. Homepage: Provides a welcome message and an image introducing users to HighLiving Real Estate.
. About Page: Presents the company's mission and vision statements along with corresponding images.
. Property Listings: Displays available properties with images, prices, and an "Add to Cart" button.
. Contact Information: Provides contact details including phone numbers, email address, and office locations.
. Sign-Up Form: Allows potential clients to sign up by providing their full name, email, and password. Form validation ensures that inputs are correctly filled out before submission.

How to Use:
1. Clone this repository to your local machine using the command:
bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
2. Open the index.html file in your web browser to view the HighLiving Real Estate website.

Contribution Guidelines:
. Contributions to enhance the design, add new features, or improve functionality are welcome. Please open an issue to discuss proposed changes before submitting a pull request.
. Ensure adherence to coding standards and maintain consistency with existing code.
. Provide clear and descriptive commit messages for all changes made.

Credits:
. This project was created by [Your Name].
. Images used in the website are sourced from [Image Source].
. Special thanks to [Contributor Name] for their contributions to the project.

License:
This project is licensed under the [""] License - see the LICENSE file for details.

For any further questions or inquiries, please contact [kristiankoome@gmail.com].
